[Applause]
and there's a telegram for you oh
for me i wonder who it's from
oh it's from italy
come on in tell me who it is from you
know i'm
dying of curiosity it's from my sister
kimberly
she says she's coming to visit me and
well she's arriving on
thursday today's thursday
oh my god it is
what oh what now i
i have to tidy up and and do the
shopping and
the house needs a good cleaning as well
oh
slow down and calm down and we've got
time
so who is older you or your sister
i am and are you similar or
different well we're quite different
she's shorter than i am and and she's
got blue eyes
hey what are you talking about
about anne's sister kimberly she's
arriving this afternoon
great i can't wait to meet her is she as
cute as you anne
stop being silly jack you're the biggest
joker i know
i have to get going now remember don't
leave the house in a mess
is that all she thinks about when
someone is coming
cleaning vacuuming tidying up and
dusting
do you think kimberly is worse than anne
if so we're going to have a lot of work
to do
that's right two sisters means twice the
work
hi anne so you
must be kimberly it's a pleasure
i'm jack hello jack ann has told me so
much about you
hi i'm alice you live in rome don't you
so how is life in bella italy
wonderful my father raised me in america
though
but italy is the most fascinating
country in the world
as far as i'm concerned it's history the
art
and of course the best food in the world
what else could anyone ask for
and of course the italians are the most
likable people in the world
you are one 100 right just look at me
i'm originally from bologna which is one
of the best
cities in the world when it comes to
eating well
i know bologna well it's a beautiful
city even if i do prefer rome
rome is much bigger and more exciting
so how does london compare london isn't
that bad
apart from the weather it certainly is
much colder than in italy and the
british are
well how should i say this they're
less clever than the italians watch
yourself jack
watch what you're saying yes you know
kimberly and i are both british well
i'm more british than she you're right
well
i was talking about british men of
course
kimberly this is peter and
sharon they live in the apartment next
door it's a pleasure to meet you
so kimberly ann told us that you're
attending art school in rome
you know i wanted to study art when i
was a little girl
but in the end i decided to study
archaeology instead
that's interesting and peter what do you
do
i'm an actor and i do little singing
i'm acting in a musical at the moment
what a great career yes
but it's certainly less stressful than
jack's line of work
he works a lot harder than peter but
actually
he's the hardest working person in the
house and
i'm the person that has the most fun
speaking of fun
what shall we do this evening i would
love to go out
it's been so long since i last came to
london well
why don't we go to the cinema come on
anne that's so
boring why don't we do something more
exciting
i don't know we could go to the pub
and get something to eat and after that
why don't we go to a disco wow
what a surprise you two are completely
different have you finished yet
alice no jack i haven't finished my
shower
could you ask anne to come in here
please she's just
left come on i'm pleading with you alice
i'm late
okay okay i've finished calm down the
bathroom's
all yours finally you've been in there
for over an
hour
yes yes this is jack
no i haven't seen john since yesterday
why
oh the report uh
yes no
i haven't finished it yet
yes yes i know it's important
anyway i've already started writing it
yes
yes i'll send it to you as soon as it's
finished
excuse me listen i'll call you later
okay
alice if you don't open this door i'm
going to knock it down
actually it's kimberly i've just come in
is everything okay jack yes
no i've been waiting to use the bathroom
for over an hour
that i must get to the office
okay jack it's all yours i'll use the
bathroom later thanks kimberly that's
very kind of you
sorry
hey jack have you seen my watch i've
probably left it in there
here you go have you forgotten anything
else oh
we're rather nervous today aren't we bye
i have to get going
hey jack wait jack you're mobile
oh he's already gone so
what are you doing today kimberly have
you ever been to portobello market
no i've never been there would you like
to come along and browse around the
stand
oh yes it's been months since i last
visited a flea market
hi jack
oh what's the matter
you look awful i'm a wreck
and i've lost my mobile
no alice told me you forgot it when you
left the apartment this morning
that's where it is i've looked
everywhere
i must admit i've been a little
distracted lately
i guess i need some rest
you know i haven't had a holiday since
they transferred me to london
oh okay well relax a little now
kimberly is showing me some photos of a
party they had at university last month
i've never seen such funny photos hey
this is a picture of the faculty of
economics
i've been there for a seminar really
when did you attend that
well i was only there for four days but
it was really interesting
hey guys i've just got off the phone to
peter
and he wants to know if they can come
over in a bit
he wants us to convince sharon to move
to japan with him
she hasn't decided yet if she wants to
go to japan
it's a great country have you ever been
there no
and to tell you the truth i'm not really
interested in going
why do you say that jack you're right
kimberly
japan is a fascinating country
i haven't been since 1995
who knows what has changed since then do
you mind if i go to my room
today was awful i'm dead tired and i
haven't had anything to eat
please tell sharon and peter please give
shannon peter my regards
i'm
i'm really not in the mood to chat this
evening
good morning alice
is anne at home i just met the postman
and this package is for her
no she's not in now
my a large package
please be careful i think it contains
fragile objects
hey peter do you know if it contains a
set of porcelain plates that she won
with the sweet biscuits bonus points
well i think so at least that's where
the package comes from
all right alice i have to go now see you
later
and we'll be so happy she's been waiting
for it for a long
time bye
hmm
hello anne this is alice
i've got great news for you
your set of chinese porcelain has
arrived
they're beautiful
no i opened it
i'm sorry anne i just couldn't resist
oh no and i'm so sorry
it broke
okay okay i'm not allowed to touch
any more plates you're absolutely right
i'm so sorry
bye
jack be careful don't touch anything
this packet contains ann's set of
chinese porcelain
i hope he didn't break anything i
already broke a plate
and guess who heard me breaking it
and oh my
i didn't notice anything
you should look where you are going i'm
i'm
sorry what are we going to do
well let's get ready for anne to lose
her temper
who knows maybe she'll forgive us
she can't get that angry they're just
plays remember we can't
cook if anne gets angry
we'll have to learn to cook
that's true i've got an
idea let's go get something from the
local takeout
place then we can pretend that we
cooked dinner she might be happy
and forget about those plates that's a
great idea
let's get going
hi anne what's that you're holding
hello everyone
listen we need
some rules in this house
living together means obeying some rules
i've written this list of house rules
that every person who spends time in
this house
must follow no one is allowed to leave
this living room
until they read and memorize these rules
bad day huh she's right jack
anyway andy what about these
house rules first of all don't call me
anne dear now listen
rule number one you must never
and i stress never open
my post rule number two
from now on clean the house
at least once a week rule number three
we have to take turns washing up
rule number four okay okay
we understand you must be
angry well yes jack
i'm very very angry i was really looking
forward to getting that set of chinese
plates i saved bonus points for a year
eating the same
stupid biscuits which for your
information
i can't stand anymore i just kept eating
and
buying them in order to get the set of
chinese porcelain
all for nothing please forgive us
and just tell us where to go
and we'll buy you a new set
well that's not possible they were
handcrafted in shanghai
and they cost a fortune okay
we'll do our best to make it up somehow
now sit down pan you must be exhausted
jack and i made dinner for you
you don't have to do anything
we thought of everything
really but you
made dinner for me yes and
it was the least we could do
well okay
i'll forgive you this time
but i warn both of you that
i want more discipline in this house you
can't do
what you want all the time
we need some rules
i don't roll your eyes while i'm
speaking to you
okay okay anne
you're right rules are important
but it's also important to laugh a
little
hahaha
hi everybody what's on tv
jack just a minute it's almost finished
[Music]
so what were you watching that was so
engrossing
it was an extremely interesting
documentary about picasso's life
there were lots of details about some of
his stranger habits
did you know that picasso preferred
painting women with
four eyes no i had
no idea and that he had lots of
different types of dogs
he used to give only dogs to his friends
strange isn't it and that
he liked eating italian cake at
christmas
well i also go crazy for italian cake at
christmas and
my name isn't picasso by the way
where is our resident artist alice
she left early this morning she said
that she had something important to do
she wouldn't tell me what but she did
say it was none of my business
you know how she is that's strange
she usually leaves late well
as a matter of fact she was very serious
this morning
she told me she had a headache but i
didn't believe her
oh look but it's getting late
i'm starting to get worried don't
play mom anne alice is a big girl now
i know i know but it's just that
but she didn't tell me she would be late
in fact she asked me if i would be late
today
just a moment a few days ago
alice told me that she wanted to enter a
painting contest
she said she thought it was her big
chance
maybe that's where she is today well
you're probably right
but but it it's almost midnight
i don't think contests last that long
why not
we all know that artists are a little
crazy
picasso was a perfect example
that's true you know something about
being crazy jack don't you
good morning alice
where were you last night
we were getting worried good morning
i prefer not to talk about it why
what happened well i took part in a
young artist competition
i thought it would be the perfect
occasion for me to show my talent
so how did it go
you made a great impression didn't you
well no
it went badly they said that i wasn't
cut out to be an artist
but the jury was made up of incompetence
maybe no one appreciates my talent
oh come on alice don't take it so badly
you know you are a genius right
that's all that matters
yes just like van gogh who
by the way only became famous after he
had died
maybe that's my destiny
maybe you're exaggerating just
a little bit i mean
van gogh but you don't
really think you're in the same league
do you
and why not no one appreciates my talent
either
anyway i want your opinions wait
just a moment while i get something
[Laughter]
oh my goodness
here you go this is the painting i took
along yesterday
what do you think isn't it beautiful
it's it's
interesting um it's a very
uh a very unique painting
yes unique is the right word
uh alice you know i
don't really understand art don't you
what does it represent that's the same
question they asked me yesterday
i can't believe that it's so
clear it's a painting of
a man and a woman walking hand in hand
oh i see
well the truth is uh
it's a bit difficult to see i mean
at first glance it looks
like a whole lot of mixed up colors
come on jack you just don't understand
abstract art do you well
now i understand that neither of you has
any appreciation of fine art
[Music]
oh artists never
tell an artist what you really think
[Music]
i'm the only child in my family
how many children do you want to have
i was invited to his birthday party
remember
birth birthday party i was invited to
his birthday party that means
on his birthday he invited me to his
wedding oh
sorry to his birthday party um
she got a wedding invitation from her
ex-boyfriend her ex-boyfriend
invited her to his wedding party
okay china is a big nation
her husband is working in a national
company
how many people are there in your family
you look familiar i met you before i
thought so
come in please i feel pleasant
when listening to music and it's my
pleasure
to be here today it's my pleasure to
meet you mr green
for experience she has five years
teaching experience
for experiments we like physics because
we all love doing experiments
college i graduated from college
last year colleague
do you get unwell with your colleagues
30 his wife is 30 years old
thirsty are you thirsty
thursday is tomorrow thursday
3 your bike is under that tree
and the last one three
they have got three dogs number one
program what's your
favorite tv program that means
what tv program do you like watching
what's your s and why together you can
link them together
watch sure what's your favorite
tv program what's your favorite tv
program
two difficult i think
english is really difficult
to learn do you think so i
think th i think english
is really difficult to learn
i think english is really difficult to
learn
for number three different
her cousin travels to a different place
every year pretty that
shirt okay t and a consonant you don't
have to pronounce t
that that shirt
that shirt is lingam together that shirt
is
pretty small for me
that shirt is pretty smart for me
for next one 12
is your niece 12 years
old is okay that is
z and then you said and then writes
together
is your niece niece that is the doctor
of your brother or your sister
niece is your sis sorry is your
knees ce at the end is your knees
12 years old
okay you can link them together years
old
is your niece 12 years old next
shower i have just
taken a shower next
math his son 1s
just pronounced 2s just pronounced 1s
his son is really good
at math join
we are having a party this
weekend want to
join us or you can say do you want to
join us
what do you usually do
in your free time great did
you have a great vacation
vacation it's just like holiday vacation
usually in american english and
in british english people prefer using
holiday